Safemoon-Cash token, development and features.

Safemoon Cash is, in short, a rug-proof, ownership renounced, community driven project that will bring rivalry to Safemoon with positive vibes only. Bitcoin Cash reached an ATH of 0.25 Bitcoin. Our first goal is for Safemoon Cash to reach 25% of Safemoon’s peak market capitalisation. We are fully committed and determined to make this happen.

And we are deadly serious: We believe our tokenomics are superior and so is our community. Safemoon Cash is 100% community-driven. There is no dev or marketing fund. When required, the community rallies together to raise funds. We have an incredibly dedicated community, who all bring a multitude of skills to the table. Our core team consists of tech enthusiasts, graphic designers, software fanatics, and marketing specialists who are all passionate about cryptocurrency. We can’t do it without our community, however – everybody is invited to help us reach .25 Safemoon. You can join us on Telegram, Reddit, Twitter and Discord.

Safemoon Cash was stealth-launched by members of the BSC community late April 2021 after Safemoon reached a market cap of over four billion dollars. With its high transaction tax, it’s the early holders of Safemoon that profit most. Safemoon Cash gives holders passive rewards through static reflection. By staking Safemoon Cash in a pool, it raises its own capital, ensuring liquidity. We believe our tokenomics are superior to those of our big brother. With the help of our community, not just the sky, but the galaxy is the limit. Everybody is welcome, everybody is equal. Get on board and prepare for the greatest adventure of our lifetimes!
